# Resources
- [Bencode Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bencode)

# Bencode Recap
- An integer is encoded as **i**\<integer encoded in base ten ASCII>**e**. Leading zeros are not allowed (although the number zero is still represented as "0"). **Negative values** are encoded by prefixing the number with a hyphen-minus. The number 42 would thus be encoded as i42e, 0 as i0e, and -42 as i-42e. **Negative zero is not permitted**.
- A byte string (a sequence of bytes, not necessarily characters) is encoded as <length>**:**<contents>. The length is in base 10 and must be **non-negative** (**zero is allowed**); the contents are just the bytes that make up the string. The string "spam" would be encoded as 4:spam. The specification does not deal with encoding of characters outside the ASCII set; to mitigate this, some BitTorrent applications explicitly communicate the encoding (most commonly **UTF-8**) in various non-standard ways. This is identical to how netstrings work, except that netstrings additionally append a comma suffix after the byte sequence.
- A list of values is encoded as **l**<contents>**e** . The contents consist of the bencoded elements of the list, in order, concatenated. A list consisting of the string "spam" and the number 42 would be encoded as: l4:spami42ee. Note the absence of separators between elements, and the first character is the letter 'l', not digit '1'.
- A dictionary is encoded as **d**<contents>**e**. The elements of the dictionary are encoded with each key immediately followed by its value. All keys must be byte strings and must appear in lexicographical order. A dictionary that associates the values 42 and "spam" with the keys "foo" and "bar", respectively (in other words, {"bar": "spam", "foo": 42}), would be encoded as follows: d3:bar4:spam3:fooi42ee.

# Potential caveats
This library for the performance purposes and for the purposes of parsing torrent files (which doesn't have repeated keys within same dict), maps dictionary to golang map type. Which means that if you treat bencode dict as a list of tuples rather than a map, previsouly written value V1 for key A will be overwritten by value V2 for the same key.